Add FreeRTOS Labs project notice to SECURITY.md (#11)
FreeRTOS/Lab-Project-FreeRTOS-LoRaWAN: .github/SECURITY.md

## FreeRTOS Labs project

> This repository is a **FreeRTOS Labs** project. As described on the
> [FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction),
> Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for
> open-source community interest. They are **not** part of the actively maintained, released
> FreeRTOS libraries. Please consider the limitations described on the Labs page before
> concluding that an observed behavior is a security vulnerability.

Reviewer: Similar comment to https://github.com/FreeRTOS/Lab-Project-FreeRTOS-MCUBoot/pull/2/changes#r3478210112. 

```suggestion
This repository represent an example integration of LoRaWAN connectivity with FreeRTOS. As described on the
[FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction),
Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for
open-source community interest.

This reference is not a supported product in its own right, but an educational example to help our customers use LoRaWAN connectivity with FreeRTOS applications. As our customer, any applications you integrate this example into should be thoroughly tested, secured, and optimized according to your business's security standards & policies before deploying to production or handling production workloads
```
